the grizzly 300 is a full-featured
two-wheel drive a TV with all the
versatility performance comfort and
reliability that you've come to expect
from Yamaha at a price that means value
you won't find this level of performance
or features from any competitive model
let's take a closer look starting with
the drivetrain the Grizzly 300 is
powered by a 287 cc single overhead cam
engine that produces broad power for a
wide variety of uses and conditions
class-exclusive liquid cooling means
precise temperature control in almost
any condition for longer engine life the
other guys
low tech less reliable air-cooled
engines plus the Grizzly 300 shaft drive
low maintenance four years of dependable
service the class exclusive fully
automatic transmission is much easier to
use than the competitive models which
require shifting and the Grizzly 300 has
a dual range transmission though for
heavy-duty work and towing and high
range for trail riding now let's talk
suspension the double wishbone front
suspension six inches of wheel travel
and the swingarm rear suspension
delivers nearly six and a half inches of
wheel travels to soak up bumps and
uneven terrain for a more comfortable
ride helped along by Max's tires with a
rugged lug pattern for great traction
and durability Plus over five inches of
ground clearance means you can cover
rougher terrain and this plush seat puts
you in a great position for all-day
riding comfort the Grizzly 300 hydraulic
front and rear disc brakes provide
fade-free stopping power and low
maintenance dependability you're not
gonna find this on any comparably priced
machine and the front and rear racks can
hold 44 and 99 pounds respectively way
more than the competition
this newest member of the grizzly family
has all the styling fit and finish
you've come to expect from Yamaha the
Grizzly 300 has features and performance
that far surpassed anything in its class
and the proven durability you come to
expect from Yamaha about the only thing
you won't expect is the price at four
thousand $99 if grizzly 300 is going to
be the new value leader Yamaha already
dominates the top end of the utility
segment with the best-selling grizzly
708 line of real-world tough ATVs now
the grizzly 300 is bringing real world
value to a whole new level
you